Update docs to clarify `worker/*` metrics for Middle Managers and Indexers (#18072)
apache/druid: docs/operations/metrics.md

|`taskSlot/used/count`|Number of busy task slots per emission period. This metric is only available if the `TaskSlotCountStatsMonitor` module is included.| `category`|Varies|
|`taskSlot/lazy/count`|Number of total task slots in lazy marked Middle Managers and Indexers per emission period. This metric is only available if the `TaskSlotCountStatsMonitor` module is included.| `category`|Varies|
|`taskSlot/blacklisted/count`|Number of total task slots in blacklisted Middle Managers and Indexers per emission period. This metric is only available if the `TaskSlotCountStatsMonitor` module is included.| `category`|Varies|

> |`worker/task/failed/count`|Number of failed tasks run on the reporting Middle Manager worker per emission period. This metric is only available if the `WorkerTaskCountStatsMonitor` module is included.| `category`, `workerVersion`|Varies|

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for language:

```suggestion
|`worker/task/failed/count`|Number of failed tasks run on a Middle Manager-based worker per emission period. This metric is available only if the `WorkerTaskCountStatsMonitor` module is included.| `category`, `workerVersion`|Varies|
```
